---
layout: post
title: "Me in 100 Songs"
date: 2025-10-07 17:10:00  # Adjust date and timezone if needed
categories: Personal # Optional: Add categories for your post
#tags:
---

Someone asked me what kind of music I listen to last week, and I struggled to give them a straight answer. My taste has always been a bit all over the place. But the question stuck with me and got me thinking: what songs have truly shaped who I am? So, I decided to compile them. Here are 100 songs, in no particular order, that have made me, me.

1. "Would I Lie To You?" by Charles & Eddie
2. "Noche No Te Vayas" by Los tres Caballeros
3. "Eleanor Rigby" by The Beatles
4. "Crazy" by Aerosmith
5. "3 Boys" by Omar Apollo
6. "Multi-Love" by Unknown Mortal Orchestra
7. "Off the Wall" by Michael Jackson
8. "Self care" by Mac Miller 
9. "As Long as You Follow" by Fleetwood Mac
10. "Blow My High (Members Only)" by Kendrick Lamar
11. "Renegade" by Styx
12. "Roxanne" by The Police
13. "I'd Love to Change the World" by Ten Years After
14. "Piel Canela" by Eydie Gorme, Los Panchos
15. "The Keys" by Matt Duncan
16. "Take Me Out" by Franz Ferdinand
17. "Desvelado" by Bobby Pulido
18. "Someday" by The Strokes
19. "Lost" by T-Dre, Delux, Cali life Style
20. "Devuelveme a mi chica" by Hombres G
21. "Perfume de Gardenias" by La Sonora Santanera
22. "Evil Women" by Electric Light Orchestra 
23. "Santeria" by Sublime
24. "Walkin' On The Sun" by Smash Mouth 
25. "Rakata" by Wisin & Yandel
26. "Sunshine Of Your Love" by Crem
27. "Tranquilito" by Gerardo Ortiz 
28. "Se Murio De Amor" by Bobby Pulido
29. ""


 eh ill finish this later

maybe i should find a pattern in the type of music i listen to, but maybe i shouldn't. maybe i shouldn't dissect myself like that. I'll think about it 
